samples: bluetooth: central_hids additional function button mode (#28849)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/bluetooth/central_hids/README.rst

         This function is available only if the connected HID has boot keyboard reports.
         It always writes CAPSLOCK information to the boot report, even if Report Protocol Mode is selected.

      Button 4:
        Switch to the "Additional button functions" mode.

>         In this mode the buttons have different functionalities than in the normal mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        In this mode, the buttons have different functionalities than in the normal mode.
```

>         The available functionalities depend on the sample configuration and are printed in the terminal window after pressing this button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The available functionalities depend on the sample configuration and are printed in the terminal window after button press.
```

         This function is available only if the connected HID has boot keyboard reports.
         It always writes CAPSLOCK information to the boot report, even if Report Protocol Mode is selected.

      Button 3:
        Switch to the "Additional button functions" mode.

>         In this mode the buttons have different functionalities than in the normal mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        In this mode, the buttons have different functionalities than in the normal mode.
```

>         The available functionalities depend on the sample configuration and are printed in the terminal window after pressing this button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The available functionalities depend on the sample configuration and are printed in the terminal window after button press.
```
